This is Technical Difficulties, we play Citation Needed.
Today's participants: he reads books, you know, it's Chris Joel!
But, quiet! What light is breaking through the late Matthew?
Everyone's favorite ... that is not light, that breaks through him (!)
Everyone's favorite Gary Brannan, Gary Brannan.
Can I compare you to a summer day?
No.
And the most jumpy man on the internet, Matt Gray.
Hey hej YouTube!
Here in front of me I have an article from Wikipedia, and the rest can not see that.
For every good fact they get a point and a thing [DING].
And the special price for particularly good answers, namely ...
That is not my buzzer. That's my glass.
That really hurt!
- Please, Tom. --Thanks.
That could only have been better if you had picked up the buzzer to drink from it.
and it went "PARP"!
Aroogah! Cookies for everyone.
For every good fact they get a point and a thing [DING].
And there is a special price for particularly good answers, namely ...
And today we are talking about the Shanghai Fugu agreement.
No, no, fugu.
Fugu.
Please. Let the cookies come.
Regulations for preparing poisonous fish?
Ooh! I will give you a point for poisonous fish, yes [DING].
Absolutely. Tell me about fugu.
I saw it on the Simpsons.
The point is, so many people were watching and thought 'Fugu! ... Simpsons. "
"I do not care about friend, Fugu me!" All that stuff.
"Poison, poison, tasty fish."
Yes, that's it.
It is a poisonous fish that really needs to be carefully prepared.
How many years of training do they need for that?
A lot of?
A few?
Until they get it done?
Gary gets the point. Three.
[THING]
"First, catch a puffer."
[SHICK]
"This went wrong."
You did 'argh'!
Aww ...
What does fugue poison do when it goes wrong?
It is paralyzing, is not it?
--Neurotoxin - Yes
Yes, take a point [DING]. By the way, both do only [DING]. It is a tetrodotoxin.
- Ooh! - Ooh!
At the tip of my tongue, dear boy.
Does the tetras poison?
It has three.
Five?
It is what is known as a sodium channel blocker.
Of course(!)
Paralyzes the muscles, while the victim remains conscious.
What is the antidote?
There is no!
Point! [THING]
True, that does not exist.
Ah, I thought it would be fries.
That will be really useful, because fugu and fries ... no, it is not like nettles and plantain.
Pea pasta?
Pea pasties?
- Would not it be great if it were something like ... - Just eat, everything will be fine.
Would not it be great if it were something that they have not come across in Japanese cuisine yet?
So that's an excellent antidote for puffer fish ...
parkin is.
Or something.
Mucky fat and bread.
Anyone who does not come from Yorkshire Googlet now to 'mucky fat'.
Aww beautiful ...
And they probably find a few things they did not want to know.
Yeah.
Mucky fat on toast.
Mucky ... Toast?
Ours just goes on bread.
Little salt and some onion.
Normally salty enough.
Well, I know. A relative of mine, which I will not name by name,
because it is a relative of mine.
But maybe not from the environment. Let's just stick to that.
Was at a Yorkshire Day party, where we all were.
Yorkshire Day, the first of August, reminder of the Battle of Minden. For the viewers at home.
I know that is not in Yorkshire, but **** you, that's why.
We have it again.
Erm ... We were at a Yorkshire Day party. Mucky fat on bread did the round.
At that point, the person announced "Oh! Pate. '
Ah! No no.
After which we all nodded slowly and laughed,
While the person worked three cuts inside. And then we told them what mucky fat was. It is beef fat.
For those of you who do not know what beef fat is, that is just fat that has fallen off the beef.
With bits of beef in it.
It's the stuff that's melted off while they cooked it or something ...
It is "residue".
It is a residue.
Salt residue.
Delicious residue.
It is brown ... or mucky. And you just spread it on bread.
Or toast, if you want your bread to be harder.
"Toast! For if you want your bread to be harder.
That is marketing ready for the next 20 years.
We have already talked about herbs on toast. Let's move on.
There is now safe fugu.
Pufferfish that has been bred to contain no poison?
Yes. Absolutely. Well, not necessarily bred.
Beaten!
Stop it!
Just knock out the poison.
Specially pressed.
For the preparations ...
Just wring out
Persuaded.
"Well, do love."
"Just do not have it!"
Where does the poison come from in the fugu?
It's something like the skin and the fins or something?
--Gall bladder? Oh no, the skin is usually non-toxic.
It's the liver ... also the ovaries and the eyes. But especially the liver.
The eyes?!
The eyes.
Oh my god, it has poisonous eyes.
That is a bit dark.
Yes.
But where does that come from?
Is it what it eats?
--Point! --Ooooh!
[DING] Completely correct. It is the food that it eats.
It comes from other animals ... that contain bacteria full of tetrodotoxin.
So he eats the nerve poison. Why does it not get poisoned?
Because he has a very good ... livery secretory system.
He is very, very hardcore.
You know what? There you get a point for [DING].
He develops immunity over time.
So the fish is a bit paralyzed in the beginning while eating all those bacteria with poison
that he has built up in his system?
I think it is also true that he has a very strong system.
Yes.
But he can just continue to eat and absorb the stuff, as he does with all chemicals.
And he, you might say, he just pulls it out. That is it. It is a poisonous fish.
That is the same as when I was still at school and there was that boy named John, who ate nettles.
Raw.
Continue...!
I told the story. There was a boy named John, who just ...
He did not only eat nettles. That was not his whole diet.
But he ate nettles.
Why?
--I do not know?! - It keeps someone occupied, right?
It was funny?
Maybe he liked the feeling?
I think that could be ...
What, the pecked tongue?
I am not him!
Why should I defend what weird mistakes that man made in his life?
I do not know. You would work with him. If you are in your office, he comes in one day, opens his lunchbox.
and there, a spider-ladder and a few nettles. He has come further in life.
If you work with a John, ask him the next time. Do you have nettles as a child?
Maybe we can track him down.
He is the one with the huge swollen lips, I imagine!
So about those fish. Is there one that ... is it like people? Is there a gluten intolerant?
Just like we have. "Oh, I can not eat that, I am tetrodotoxin-intolerant."
Yes, because they started to keep toxic free fugu
by keeping them in tanks, away from those bacteria.
- "Oh sorry, I have a specific diet" - I went to say ...
[Engine noise] Not that kind of tank!
That would make them more dangerous than safer, right?
Yes!
We got a number ...
"Do not eat me!"
"I have some very deadly fish here." "Oh why, is there toxin ...?"
- "No, he has a 12-inch gun!" - "No, he controls a tank!"
Underwater weapons.
But then, if you put the toxic into the tank, you can not even attack them with the bare fist.
... Is it all going there?
I'm stuck in a tank.
Since 1958, chefs must have a license to make and sell fugu. That will take about three years.
License to fugu!
What does the selection procedure mean?
Not killing the assessor.
"That was wonderful, and I can still breathe."
--No. The point is ... - "Very well done."
Who eats the fish?
She herself!
Oh, he! - Yes, take a point [DING].
That makes sense.
They eat their own fish.
So there is no one on this earth who has failed the test?
And a chef is.
And a chef is. You are absolutely right. Only about 35% actually get it.
-- What? - Because mild poisoning makes you sick
or something like "oh, yes, you clearly have a small dose inside, you're sick." But you are not going to die.
- A small dose ... - So they are close enough to their dose
--Yes. - To stay behind with a tingling mouth
- You have about five ... - For a few days. Yes.
Erm, but what are the components of the test?
Catch your fugu fish.
Yes!
There is preparation. But then there is the cleaning up afterwards. So you do not infect everything.
- That is a fair point. - We have preparation and food.
But there is still, before we can prepare and eat at all ..
Identifying a fugu fish.
Correct!
[THING]
Actually...
Because it says literally: 'a fish identification test'.
- That's a cod. --A fish.
That's a fish.
That is beef. That's a fish.
So yes. That is your second round.
I mean, it is reminiscent of the British driving exams. Because that is your hazard perception.
And then you have the practical part. Which piece do we miss?
--Theory. --Theory.
Point to Matt Gray [DING]. You also have a written theory exam.
What happens if you feed someone fugu, and you have not done well?
"They are dead."
Yes. How many people end up in hospital in Tokyo every year, because of fugu ...
Thirteen?
Okay, we clearly follow the rules of Price is Right, right? Thirteen.
I ... I think it will be a lot higher.
Because I can imagine it is like ordering a ridiculously hot curry.
You specifically ask for one that has not been neutralized. Which is not neutral.
- Your question for one with poison. - I bet that's a thing.
I bet some people like to eat them while there is still some poison.
So they get a little tingling, or something. So I think it's somewhere in the ...
did you say it was every year? - Year, in total.
I think less than a hundred, but not much less.
I think so. Just because that was the number that came to me.
I'm going to give it to Gary. It is somewhere between about 35-65 per year, [DING]
- That is the order of magnitude. --Yes.
And between 0 and 6 people die.
S ***** the bed.
What are the reasons that you get poisoned? Especially if it is prepared by an amateur.
Eating the poison?
- Yes, fine. - He is good, he is good (!)
The boy is sharp (!)
Incorrect methods are in between. But there is something else.
We've already talked about it in the test.
Lick the knife.
Is it served wrong because it is identified as the wrong fish?
Correct. They did not know it was a fugu fish [DING].
It looks ... It must look like another fish.
It looks like a lot of other fish.
Oh s ***!
"Delicious sea bass ...!" [Drool]
[Slurring] This is a very spicy sauce.
Codfish.
Cod of death!
"Now remember, I have put the dead cod left, the right one."
"Remember, right for the dead cod, left for the good cod."
"Right, left, do not forget that!"
"Yes, nice!" "Oh s ***!"
And they are in the same kind of pan!
All this brings us back to the Shanghai Fugu agreement. That is in 1985 in Germany.
Do they agree not to sell fugu in Europe?
Yes, they will not export it.
That is not something you can agree with people from Shanghai, do you?
We agree that we will not sell your damn murder fish, okay!
This is the Green Party. That is stuck in a coalition agreement -
their very first coalition agreement -
with the Social Democrats, in one of the German federal states.
And they go into the coalition, and they demand - on the last day of the discussion
that they sign the Shanghai Fugu agreement.
And what does this agreement stand for? What do you need to prepare fugu?
Knives!
Fugu!
Chefs!
Yep. You get a point for that. You need chefs. [THING]
How do you get chefs to Germany?
On a train?
But what permissions do they need to get there?
A licence?
Visa?
Gary gets another point. [THING]
They need a visa.
And the Shanghai Fugu agreement is therefore a series of international rules.
There is a special set of visas for certified fugu chefs.
They demanded that this was one of the things they had to sign. What was the problem with that agreement?
He is not right.
How?
- Shanghai? --Yes?
That is in China, right?
Mm. That is one of the problems (!)
- That is one of a good number. - That's not where they eat.
And - it is, at least it is pan-Asian. But that is not, you know ... what it is known for.
It is completely fake.
Aaaaw! What?!
The Greens had been negotiating for days, became ill of the discussion,
and came up with totally fake agreements that added to the requirements.
And the minister they were discussing with said just 'Yep, okay, fine! Yes. Magnificent.'
I bet that they could beat themselves afterwards, that they had done nothing nicer with it.
No! Nobody noticed.
They could have let everyone carry jam on Sunday!
The negotiators did not notice,
the officials did not notice.
They could have forbidden the apostle! The possibilities are endless!
The press did not notice.
It took years before someone said:
--"Oh yeah!" --"What is that?"
"Do you remember that we did that?"
"We have ensured that nobody named Keith can still enter the country !!"
You know, they could have done that.
So did they draft the agreement?
No, they just required the Social Democrats to participate in the Shanghai Fugu agreement.
Totally fake.
Without reading it.
The fun you can kick with that situation!
So congratulations: at the end of all that you win, Gary, this week's show. Well done!
You win a confederal generala, made of continuous stones without mortar.
No!
- Yep! Understood! --Go for it. Go for it. He has it this time.
A Dry Stone-Wall Jackson!
Yes! He has him!
We thank you for that
Chris Joel,
Gary Brannan,
- Matt Gray ... - Goodbye YouTube.
And I was Tom Scott. We'll see you next time.
We are doing an experimental live show of these things
with a live audience.
If you want to be part of it, the details are now on the screen.
Near enough to touch!
Do ... do not do that.
Do not touch.
Do you want to see our faces in real life, and admire us from closer than this?
We do an experimental live show, and you can be there if you want to.
Do you want to see us at a slightly lower resolution than on GoPro images?
We are going to do an experimental live show!
Do you want to see this before it is reduced to 10 from 40 minutes?
Well, we might be doing an experimental live show!
You can see us for the edits (!)
I do not really think you want that, actually (!)
Do you like jokes that you should not hear because they fall under slander?
to be gross, or outright insulting?
Then feel free to see us working harder and longer
during our experimental live show!
Do you want an hour of post-credits?
Come and see the experimental new live show!
Realize that we get a lot out of these things.
- The piece in the post-credits? That is this. - Just like half an hour of post-credits ...
It is very important to emphasize that the experimental live show
not the kind of experimental live show that you see in Amsterdam.
That said, the live show is for over 18, if only because one of us
at a given moment a joke is going to make us in trouble.
And we are all going to say **** at one point (!)
****, ****, willies and *******! Come and see Tech Dif Live!
Translated by an anonymous benefactor.